Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/active-response.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn more about the local configuration (ossec.conf) and how to configure the active response. Check out the options and a sample configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn about local configuration (ossec.conf) and how to configure the active response. Check out the options and a sample configuration in this section of the Wazuh documentation.
```
